This is John Smith. He is Colombian but he lives in Brazil. He is a prisoner. Mr Smith is 33 years old. He doesn’t work or study. Mr Smith cannot read or write but he can play the guitar very well. He plays the guitar every day at 6:30 pm after dinner. The other prisoners all like his music. Mr Smith likes POP ROCK but he doesn’t like SAMBA. Mr Smith likes Brazilian food and drinks…He loves brown chocolate but he doesn’t like white chocolate. His room number in the prison is 333 on the 3rd floor. People call Mr Smith "The Music Man". Mr Smith is a happy prisoner. He wakes up at 5:15am and has breakfast; he eats very much!!! He has black coffee and bread in the morning but he doesn’t eat fruit or drink milk. He smokes very much!!!
This is Juan Uribe. He’s from Madrid in Spain but he lives in Argentina. He is an actor. Mr Uribe is 23 years old. He works for TV ARGENTINA. He also studies; he studies Journalism at the Federal University of Argentina. Mr Uribe cannot sing or dance but he can play the violin very well. He loves classical music and he listens to it every day from 5:10 am to 8:45am every morning. After this he has fruit juice for breakfast and goes to university. Mr Uribe is a very good student. He speaks Spanish, Portuguese, and English. Mr Uribe lives in a flat. His flat number is 133, on the 1st floor. Mr Uribe loves Spanish food but he doesn’t like Argentine food. He loves milk caramels but he doesn’t like chocolate. He doesn’t smoke.
This is YOYO. He’s from Mexico but he lives in the U.S.A. He is an actor in a circus. YOYO is 33 years old. He works for THE WORLD CIRCUS. He doesn’t study but he works very much. YOYO can sing, juggle, and dance but he cannot play any instruments. He loves the circus and he works every day from 4:40pm to 22:00pm every evening. Before this he has fruit juice and bread for dinner and prepares his show. YOYO is a very good actor. He speaks Spanish, Portuguese, and English. YOYO lives in the circus. He lives in a circus van with other actors. His van number is 33 and he sleeps on the 1st bed. YOYO loves Mexican food but he doesn’t like American fast food. He loves sweets and chocolate. He doesn’t smoke.
This is Boney. Boney is an African elephant. It is an actor in the circus. It works for THE WORLD CIRCUS. Boney works very much. Boney can ride a bike, juggle, and dance but it cannot play any instruments. It loves the circus and it works every day from 4:40pm to 22:00pm every evening. Before the shows it has fruit, bread, and water for dinner. Boney is a very good actor. Boney lives in the circus. He lives in a circus cage with other elephants. Its cage number is 33 and it sleeps on the 1st part of the cage. Boney loves apples but it doesn’t like bananas. It loves sweets and chocolate.